= Git Pivot

Tool that allows you to work with Pivotal Tracker from the command line.

== Installation and Usage

To install:

    $ gem install hone-git_pivot
    
Now you'll need to add a <tt>git_pivot.yml</tt> to the root directory of your project:

    project_id: 213992
    token: 3a9390ed9309ba304903939ae948298
    owner: Matt Buck
    
... where <tt>owner</tt> is your name as it appears in the Pivotal Tracker interface.

== Planned Features

Planned features include:
* display stories in current sprint 
* start working on a ticket that creates a new branch in Git, starts ticket in Pivotal Tracker
* close ticket in Pivotal Tracker
* search for stories

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Thoughts

* need key/value store to keep track of stories with branches
* should we keep track of what story we're working on?

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Terence Lee. See LICENSE for details.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
